# Ideas
These are my ideas, If you'd like to make them yourself, go ahead. If they work, credit (and an email showcasing it to me) would be nice to have but i understand some are selfish.

- [ ] **Fixit** : An instagram style user interface for fixing issues of any kind, worldwide and nearby. From saving a cat from a tree, finding love or even fixing an entire car - paid work or free (with some food and drink provided of course) would allow the world to go around and maybe even land a homeless guy a job.

- [ ] **AMV Studio / AMV Game** : Similar to animated music videos, this animation studio would produce anime entirely in sync with a song (i.e gunshots hapening in time to a beat, bass drops leading the character to fall). The song itself would encompass the entire story. Art style would be similar to "Akira" and be set in a world similar to the futuristic dystopia conveyed in "Cyberpunk: Edgerunners". Checkout "Kaizo Trap by Guy Collins" (Originally i had the idea of making this concept in game form too with guns n' stuff and produced a bit of code for it but FFT, Onset detection, etc is hard and i lost interest after seeing kaizo trap already hit the idea on the head).
    
- [ ] **Pirate box** : A box used by sound engineers for gathering data on audio such as FFT, Onset detection, etc. It would have over the top animations on a small display and provide verbose data and also have the capacity to pirate music from online platform such as youtube alongside other functionalities like being able to plug into a radio and provide visuals for the music. It would also have its own website where users could buy and build it themselves (software included)
